it's 10 seconds to midnight
midnight being tech news
and 10 seconds
being right now oh no
is it actually 10 seconds to midnight
right now
we have no time to find out okay if
you've been paying attention to trends
in the cpu market you'll know that it's
becoming more and more common to see
consumer processors with tons of cores
on them but raw clock speeds just keep
getting faster as well intel's upcoming
high-end core i9 10 900k not really high
but
set to launch this spring reportedly has
a turbo clock of a whopping 5.1
gigahertz out of the box according to a
leak found on the 3dmark database and
could go even higher without a manual
overclock if good cpu heatsink is paired
with it although clock speed on its own
isn't a great indicator of performance
these days it still might raise a few
eyebrows considering that it wasn't long
ago that multi-core designs tended to
sacrifice that pure megahertz for
thermal management however
we don't yet know the tdp so hopefully
you won't have to keep your shiny new
rig inside of a meat locker it's not
advisable either way i think the meat
locker thing is it's not going to be
enough although there were rumors of a
new revision of the nintendo switch
coming this year wow there were rumors
of that last year too an official
announcement from nintendo's ceo has put
those rumors to bed 99. this might be a
little disappointing to nintendo fans
though from nintendo's point of view
they simply may not feel compelled to
dump time and money into developing a
new model although the switch's hardware
is considerably weaker than what we'll
see in the upcoming playstation 5 and
xbox series x the switch's appeal isn't
based on its graphical capabilities it's
based on its cuteness
plus sales of consoles and games are
still very strong so i don't expect them
to switch
to a much more powerful gpu anytime soon
switch
yeah you get it
yeah that's the game yep that's that's
the one although blackberry phones were
everywhere in the mid-2000s especially
in the business world it looks like
they're finally going to be put out to
pasture quite soon although the actual
company blackberry limited hasn't
actually been making the phones
themselves for a long time blackberry
branded phones manufactured by tcl are
still available however tcl just
announced that the sales of the
blackberry devices that they make will
end on august 31st the move isn't too
surprising as the rebranded blackberries
haven't been selling particularly well
and haven't impressed reviewers just a
little too tart the brand might live on
if it can find another partner to
manufacture the phone and they should
still be around in south asia where a
different company is responsible for
production but if you live anywhere else
and really want a fruit-themed phone
well you might have to bite the bullet
and go with apple oh my gosh
oh and now for the quackbots
brought to you today by drop panda
wireless headphones sounds great it's
like drop bears they're thx certified
and they claim to be the world's most
distortion free wireless headphones with
a closed designed to keep your sound
contained and thx aaa amplifier
technology you can get closer to your
music than ever before you get 30 hours
of wireless life a detachable gaming
microphone bluetooth support and
compatibility with popular home
assistance pre-order now at the link
below quackity bad bats batch candy just
won uh take that bet hmm if you're tired
of sending in your idevices when they're
broken or heading to your nearest genius
bar apple is now offering house calls in
several major metro areas including new
york la chicago houston san francisco
and dallas it should be noted that these
on-site repairs are being carried out by
contractors and you might have to pay an
extra fee though for californians it may
be worth not sitting in traffic
especially if you're going straight up
the five toward 99 north before hopping
on the 110. you know what i don't know
what those numbers mean
but i've been to san francisco i don't
want to go back
traffic is just ridiculous yeah that's
what i'm talking about don't take the
99. voting in elections over the
internet has long been a bit of a pipe
dream in most places but some folks in
one u.s state may get their shot at it
for the upcoming presidential election
west virginia west virginia's governor
is expected to sign a bill to compel
local authorities to allow voters with
disabilities to cast ballots online
although the state doesn't have tons of
time to work out security issues the
limited number of people who will
actually vote this way make it a useful
litmus test maybe people will actually
pay attention to the canadian elections
if the tech ever makes it uh
oh
canadian elections no
remind me the switch has just made
nintendo an extra 260 thousand dollars
but not in the way you'd think a hacker
who breached nintendo's servers to
download confidential information about
the console was fined that amount of
money and also faces prison time for
both hacking as well as sex crime
charges
that's a spicy combo he was actually
caught once and asked not to do it again
because that works right
but guess what he started hacking again
in 2018 so yeah
maybe you don't screw up your second
chances you've been given right
everybody deserves one but hacking's so
fun
yeah it kind of is but you know you
gotta you gotta
prison
a startup in scotland thinks it has an
interesting new way to get satellites
into orbit skyrora not only uses 3d
printed rockets for thrusts but also
uses rocket fuel made from recycled
plastic how does that work the engine
should be able to get small satellites
into low earth orbit a little over 300
miles above the surface and promises 45
percent fewer greenhouse gas emissions
than kerosene so i guess you can say
this is all
pretty cool
and the artist just pranked some people
in berlin by carrying around 99
smartphones
not lovely ones that had google maps up
and running in a little red wagon with
that many phones in one place on one
street at a time it fooled google maps
into thinking there was a traffic jam
google didn't seem upset at all in its
official response and it could actually
make a valuable point into how google
can fix its systems to deliver more
accurate results of course here in
vancouver which is one giant perpetual
traffic jam
can confirm
the situation may have made far less of
a point
we
live hell
basically
we're
yeah you know you know the the viking
hill was niflheim and it was supposed to
be like just frozen over that's that's
what canada is well yeah well that's our
show come on back wednesday for more
free flowing tech news whatever dude
just let it flow